Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Young people enjoy life more than older people do. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.


Less energetic as elders are compared with youngsters, are they have less enjoyment during the living? From my own perspective, I cannot go along with that argument. It seems to fail to take into account following facets.

I admit that, some amusement about which young people are nuts are really not suitable for old people. More exactly, they are extreme sports, competitive matches or long distance expedition, which all invariably request robust physical and psychological capabilities. Indeed, some youth could reap tremendous fulfillment by surviving in harsh environment or venturing intensely dangerous games. Thus, in this regard, elders are missing out certain interests. However, they certainly could enjoy their lives as well as youngsters by other multitude of ways.

That is mainly to say, many projects that seemed to belong to young people also could be experienced by elders with a slight transformation. To exemplify, youths like attending fierce matches of football and basketball while older people could play table tennis and badminton which are without body confrontation; youths like rock music and hip-pop dance while older people could amply enjoy themselves through the square dancing. Accordingly, ways may be varying, whereas the extent of attaining pleasure would be by no means different. 

Last but not least, the majority of old people have better circumstances to enjoy. In other words, elders have retired or have relative stable and easy jobs so that they tend to spend a chunk of time on various entertainments, such as strolling, chess game, penmanship, raising small animals, to name but a few. Vicariously, the more leisure time they have, the more opportunities they have for coming into contact with certain intriguing activities. By dedicating on relevant skills in-depth, they are more likely to acquire more contentment from the activity than who cannot afford adequate time to engage in. As a quintessential example, there are a great many old badminton amateurs cannot find young rivals at the court who should have had more competitiveness for the sake of robust bodies, precisely because they practice nearly every day.

From what has been discussed above, I firmly believed that enjoying life is not a matter of age. Both young and older people could equally enjoy themselves as long as they love the life, albeit with disparate approaches.
 
Topic: Some people believe that when busy parents do not have a lot of time to spend with their children, the best use of that time is to have fun playing games or sports. Other believe that it is best to use that time doing things together that are related to schoolwork, which of the two approaches do you prefer?


It is widely shared that concomitant of parents for children is of paramount significance. A growing number of folks, hence, hold the viewpoints that parents who have scarce leisure time should take them to play games or sports when being at home rather than discuss or monitor schoolwork. From my perspective, I entirely approve this argument for the following reason.

First and foremost, only by playing with children are parents able to assist and guide them at the most extent, including the dimension of studying. Generally speaking, enjoying amusement is all kids’ natural instinct, which is inclined to be fulfilled when playing games or attending sports. It goes without saying that it is the most effective and efficient way that parents could harness for erecting fundamental trust and favorable impression with teenagers, especially for the parents who have to work outside in disproportionately period of time. Children will by no means accept their either suggestion or education until being overcome on the emotional layer. Thereafter, parents are most likely to instill useful the concept, experience and knowledge to them. 

Incidentally, children could reap the most necessary delight and interaction from the most appropriate people under reasonable ways. In other words, most of time in their childhood is probably spent with grandparents who commonly have a big age gap as well as an outlook gap with children. Albeit the eldership may look after kids and supervise their homework carefully, they cannot play together with them genuinely and blend in their inward worlds. Due to the scarcity of pure psychological interaction through positive activities, children are easily to shape a solitary personality or infect undesirable habits, even delinquency. Accordingly, it is high time that parents made up on this blank by leading them to intriguing games and sports and addressing ample communication within their limited time.

Last but not least, games and sports lay accentuation on the physical growth of minors. That is mainly to say, the childhood witnesses the most formative time of the body. Participating more physical activities, young adult tends to boost the coordinating ability between limps, as well as between brain and body. Parents’ engagement on their precious time, undoubtedly, children will be imparted and encouraged to attend similar items when they are not surrounded. Vicariously, doing exercise regularly is so advantageous for nurturing robust stamina that they can surmount upcoming challenges of study and growth smoothly even without parents close attention.

From what has been discussed above, I uncompromisingly believe that we cannot emphasize the importance of games and sports too much, especially when parents are often too busy. It is fair more effective and well-rounded methodology for benefitting the childhood compared with invariable focusing on schoolwork. 
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: the opinions of the celebrities, like the entertainers, or the famous athletes, are more important to the younger people than to the older people

Have you ever been nuts for celebrities in sports circle or show-business? Have you even seen an elder who is fascinated with them as well? Have you ever noticed older people's genuine attitude towards them behind surface? If you have never contemplated that, you will never understand the equal influence of an athlete or an entertainer on the young and the elderly. The reasons for my view are illustrated as following.

The first point lays accentuation on the same demands of being motivated. In other words, one of the most direct functions of celebrities, which is also the main purpose of authority to support the development of professional sports, is its far-reaching incentive effect on masses. Despite passing the school periods, elder people by no means leave away from making progress at any dimension. Namely, both the 50 year old around adults, who are still playing essential roles in their working groups, and the retired elders, who often tend to learn certain new skills as the sources of satisfaction and contentment, could reap encouragement from the accomplishment and striving spirits of athletes directly and accessibly.

Another fact which is worthwhile to be considered is that the older need more measures to kill the time. That is mainly to say, the majority of elders have ample leisure time which can’t be rivaled by that of youth, especially those who are enjoying the retirement period. And due to the less adequate physical fitness, it is watching sports matches or TV programs that are the most appropriate approaches for them. Additionally, they are more likely to devote themselves into that by more focusing on those appealing and glorious celebrities.

Last but not least, one critical reason why quite a few people think celebrities are more significant to youngsters is that they usually more extroverted and show on more emotion towards the stars they like. On the contrary, elders are fascinated with them under a relative implicit way. An example could be found through the European Football Cup in this year. At my surrounding, a multitude of youth watched the games together at midnight, drinking and cheering at the outdoor squares. As I knew, however, many elder fans watched all the games which played by their favorite players at home by themselves. Even, the number of games a young watched paled in comparison. 

From what has been discusses above, it is absurd to assert that only youngsters are nuts for stars, albeit they seem to be more dedicated. Indeed, they exert remarkable influence on older people’s lives as well.
